On the Home Page, on the dashboard, make sure the notification button actually works and displays notifications if there are any in a good sized pop up. 
When there is nothing scheduled, notifications should display an empty notification pop up and state that there aren't any notifications in a professional way. Notifications should contain overdue assignments reminders
Allow the user to drag and reposition the assignments. Also have a well placed button that says sort by that allows user to pick between default (that takes it back to the default positioning of the tasks where its overdue, pending, in progress, then completed), and another option called By Priority where it organizes the tasks in high priority to low priority, and another option called By Most Time where it organizes it by which takes most time to least time, and another option called By Least Time where it organizes it by which takes least time to most time. 
Allow the user to pick what color they want to pick for the event and allow user to pick if it repeats.(like repeats daily, or what days of each week, or monthly, yearly, etc). This should show on calendar; if picked daily, event should show each day, if picked yearly it should show each year on that day, etc.). Show two events for each day maximum and a see more button to open a pop up showing the rest events scheduled that day. 
When clicked on view all in the recent activity box in the dashboard, provide a pop up showing all recent activity that can be scrolled through. 
Make sure the user can actually access the calendar and settings through the buttons on the dashboard(under “add class” and “new task”).
Remove the option to switch to light theme completely from everywhere. Even change the sidebar by removing the dark theme switch. Always leave dark theme. Add new theme in appearance settings called forest green and make it look nice. 
On the sidebar, add a new tab between Dashboard and Classes called Schedule. This is where users can click to see a page where all their classes are visible. Allow user to click on class to add/edit start time and delete time. Also allow user to add times for lunch, breaks, and give their lunch times and breaks a name. Also allow the user to pick start/end time for both breaks and lunch. Allow user to reposition courses so it becomes like an actual bell schedule. Allow user to click arrow key to see next or last days schedule and allow user to copy schedule to whichever days of week. Also allow user to click a button that copies schedule to every single day, or every day except chosen days, or only chosen/specific days, or Alternate days starting from a date of users choice. User should be able to see each days schedule by clicking next or back button to see past/future days’ schedules.
When successfully entered the right passcode to unlock staff mode, remove the crown from the AI assistant tab as it should look as it is unlocked. Also, after entering staff mode, it should display the red x in place of the yellow badge until pressed it. After pressing it, it should not display an error like it does right now and instead return to normal by adding the crown back to the ai chat tab. 
Change the quote switching button to a button that looks like a representation of “switch”.
On the Dashboard, the fourth box which is called next event should align with the next event on the calendar. 
On the Side bar make the sidebar slightly bigger so that the notification button and the “x”/close sidebar button don't look jammed with the app title. Format as needed to make it look nice and professional. 
