Allow user to properly edit class when picked edit in the classes tab. Right now, it doesnt do anything when clicked to edit.
Allow user to reorder and organize classes in classes tab.
Right now, user is unable to edit the schedule in schedule tab. Fix this, allow users to set their schedule with name, details, whatever a student would possibly need. Also have a button that user can click to turn on holiday mode in case theres a holiday that day which just sets to a blank schedule(not to do with school) but with hourly time slots starting at 10 and ending at 10. Allow user to also be able to edit time slots and names and whatever. Also, when pressed holiday mode again, it should go back to the school schedule it was before with customizations saved and all. Allow user to press a button to set the same schedule for a custom days in week. For ex, if user sets schedule for monday, allow user to press a button to set the same for tuesday, or wednesday, or friday, or multiple, whatever. 
Move the settings tab on the sidebar below the ai assistant tab button. 
Right above ai assistant tab button, have another button that leads to a tab called “Schedule Your Day” or something cool regarding scheduling a day. It can be a futuristic/professional name. Here, users can plan their day however they want, with time slots and names and customizations and stuff. It should be really cool with a lot of features that all work. It should have so many options and features that the user uses this app over any other app. It should be cool and useful with everything one could need to schedule their day.
When a assignment is due the next day, it should be in the notifications but it should just say [assignement name] for [class name] is due tomorrow. Make it look professional and good. And it should also display in the notifications tab from the dashboard and the sideboard, not only one. 
Remove appearance options for light theme from settings 
Allow the user to drag and reposition the assignments. Also have a well placed button that says sort by that allows user to pick between default (that takes it back to the default positioning of the tasks where its overdue, pending, in progress, then completed), and another option called By Priority where it organizes the tasks in high priority to low priority, and another option called By Most Time where it organizes it by which takes most time to least time, and another option called By Least Time where it organizes it by which takes least time to most time. 
In the appearance section in settings, it allows for the white theme. REMOVE THAT. There should be multiple boxes with different types of themes, total 10 which include the original that it is now, light theme, forest theme, sport mode, and a few u pick. However, they should all be unclickable and greyed out/whatever and have a coming soon banner/badge/whatever looks best. It should be like a upcoming feature thing that will be released soon.
